Improve docs for Events (#745)
tulios/kafkajs: docs/InstrumentationEvents.md

}
```

> Events which have `payload.duration` defined, it represent the time between the current event and the last event.

Reviewer: That's not quite right, and I don't think there's a single definition you can use for all cases.

* `GROUP_JOIN` - `duration` is the time between starting to join and having joined and synced.
* `FETCH` - Time between `FETCH_START` and receiving _the first_ fetch response.
* `END_BATCH_PROCESS` - Time between `START_BATCH_PROCESS` and this event, meaning the time taken for user-land code to process the batch (plus potential heartbeats and commits).
* `REQUEST` - Time to complete network request (not including potential time waiting to be sent, i.e. `pendingDuration`)

If you want to explain all the properties of the event payloads, I suggest doing it in a nested table or list or something, since even if they share a name they might mean different things.

Author: Yes, It was okay with how I ordered them. And saying that duration is the time between last event and this event including everything that happens in between.
But, as we are not going to represent the order, this doesn't make sense. I'll remove it. 👍

## <a name="list"> List of available events:

### <a name="consumer"></a> Consumer

| order | event               | payload                                                                                                                                                                                                       | description |
|-------|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|

> |1      | REQUEST             | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `size`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `duration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`} |Whenever a request is made to the broker |

Reviewer: I don't think this order column makes sense to have. Some of the events have relation to each other, like obviously `START_BATCH_PROCESS` happens before `END_BATCH_PROCESS`, but `GROUP_JOIN`, `REQUEST`, `CONNECT`, `FETCH`, and `COMMIT_OFFSETS` happen at different times and really have very little relationship to each other. By documenting an order here, it becomes a bit of a public contract that I don't want to have to uphold. The events can happen at any time, unless there's a direct relationship between them.

|7      | END_BATCH_PROCESS   | {`topic`, `partition`, `highWatermark`, `offsetLag`, `offsetLagLow`, `batchSize`, `firstOffset`, `lastOffset`, `duration`}                                                                  | Processed the batch |
|8      | COMMIT_OFFSETS      | {`groupId`, `memberId`, `groupGenerationId`, `topics`}                                                                                                                                                | Committed resolved offsets |
|9     | STOP                |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Consumer has stopped |
|10     | DISCONNECT          |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Consumer has disconnected |

> |-      | CRASH               | {`error`, `groupId`}                                                                                                                                                                                      | Consumer has crashed. After this, consumer will try to perform a full restart if possible, otherwise it will stay hanging. Ideally you should listen to this event and handle yourself. |

Reviewer: > otherwise it will stay hanging

This needs to be clarified. There's nothing in KafkaJS that sits around after a crash. If the consumer crashes with a non-retriable error, it will stop and the process will exit unless there's some other (non-KafkaJS) work pending in the event loop. For example (here I removed the special case for KafkaJSNumberOfRetriesExceeded to simulate a fatal error):

```
$ node examples/consumer.js
{"level":"INFO","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:41.554Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Consumer] Starting","groupId":"test-group"}
{"level":"INFO","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:41.625Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Runner] Consumer has joined the group","groupId":"test-group","memberId":"example-consumer-ac9b4fe8-83b3-49e2-ba2b-c6d545cfc61d","leaderId":"example-consumer-ac9b4fe8-83b3-49e2-ba2b-c6d545cfc61d","isLeader":true,"memberAssignment":{"topic-test":[0]},"groupProtocol":"RoundRobinAssigner","duration":69}
{"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:41.673Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Runner] Error when calling eachMessage","topic":"topic-test","partition":0,"offset":"0","stack":"Error: 💣\n    at Runner.eachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/examples/consumer.js:35:13)\n    at Runner.processEachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:173:20)\n    at onBatch (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:307:20)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:356:21\n    at invoke (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:38:5)\n    at push (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:51:7)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:53\n    at new Promise (<anonymous>)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:20\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:346:11"}
{"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:42.023Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Runner] Error when calling eachMessage","topic":"topic-test","partition":0,"offset":"0","stack":"Error: 💣\n    at Runner.eachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/examples/consumer.js:35:13)\n    at Runner.processEachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:173:20)\n    at onBatch (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:307:20)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:356:21\n    at invoke (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:38:5)\n    at push (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:51:7)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:53\n    at new Promise (<anonymous>)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:20\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:346:11"}
{"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:42.740Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Runner] Error when calling eachMessage","topic":"topic-test","partition":0,"offset":"0","stack":"Error: 💣\n    at Runner.eachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/examples/consumer.js:35:13)\n    at Runner.processEachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:173:20)\n    at onBatch (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:307:20)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:356:21\n    at invoke (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:38:5)\n    at push (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:51:7)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:53\n    at new Promise (<anonymous>)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:20\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:346:11"}
{"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:44.368Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Runner] Error when calling eachMessage","topic":"topic-test","partition":0,"offset":"0","stack":"Error: 💣\n    at Runner.eachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/examples/consumer.js:35:13)\n    at Runner.processEachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:173:20)\n    at onBatch (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:307:20)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:356:21\n    at invoke (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:38:5)\n    at push (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:51:7)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:53\n    at new Promise (<anonymous>)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:20\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:346:11"}
{"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:47.116Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Runner] Error when calling eachMessage","topic":"topic-test","partition":0,"offset":"0","stack":"Error: 💣\n    at Runner.eachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/examples/consumer.js:35:13)\n    at Runner.processEachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:173:20)\n    at onBatch (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:307:20)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:356:21\n    at invoke (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:38:5)\n    at push (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:51:7)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:53\n    at new Promise (<anonymous>)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:20\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:346:11"}
{"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:53.614Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Runner] Error when calling eachMessage","topic":"topic-test","partition":0,"offset":"0","stack":"Error: 💣\n    at Runner.eachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/examples/consumer.js:35:13)\n    at Runner.processEachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:173:20)\n    at onBatch (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:307:20)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:356:21\n    at invoke (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:38:5)\n    at push (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:51:7)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:53\n    at new Promise (<anonymous>)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:20\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:346:11"}
{"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:53.614Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Consumer] Crash: KafkaJSNumberOfRetriesExceeded: 💣","groupId":"test-group","retryCount":5,"stack":"KafkaJSNonRetriableError\n  Caused by: Error: 💣\n    at Runner.eachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/examples/consumer.js:35:13)\n    at Runner.processEachMessage (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:173:20)\n    at onBatch (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:307:20)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:356:21\n    at invoke (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:38:5)\n    at push (/Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:51:7)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:53\n    at new Promise (<anonymous>)\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/utils/concurrency.js:60:20\n    at /Users/tommybrunn/workspace/kafkajs/src/consumer/runner.js:346:11"}
{"level":"INFO","timestamp":"2020-06-08T06:31:53.621Z","logger":"kafkajs","message":"[Consumer] Stopped","groupId":"test-group"}
```

Author: @Nevon You are right.
But the service will not know unless it's listening to this event. Right?

Reviewer: If you're embedding KafkaJS into some other kind of service that keeps the process running, then yes, you would need to listen to the crash event to know that the consumer has stopped.

Author: Do you think this would be helpful
```
Note: If your service is doing some other tasks and also consuming messages.
In the case of CRASH, the consumer process will try to restart if possible 
(depend on the type of error) otherwise the consumer will stop and exit,
and the service will not know. You should listen to the `CRASH` event if you 
want your service to react.
```

Reviewer: I would put it like this:

> In the case of `CRASH`, the consumer will try to restart itself in the case of retriable errors. If the error is not retriable, the consumer will stop and exit. If your application wants to react to the error, such as cleanly shutting down resources, restarting the consumer itself, or exiting the process entirely, it should listen to the `CRASH` event.

I don't like to make too many assumptions about the environment that people are using KafkaJS in. If they are just using KafkaJS itself, the process would exit when the consumer stops, so there wouldn't be any reason to listen to the crash event. It's only when the consumer is embedded into some other application (which is certainly not uncommon) that this can be necessary.

|-      | HEARTBEAT           | {`groupId`, `memberId`, `groupGenerationId`}                                                                                                                                                            | Heartbeat sent to the broker |
|-      | REQUEST_TIMEOUT     | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`}                                 | Request to the broker timed out |

> |-      | REQUEST_QUEUE_SIZE  | {`broker`, `clientId`, `queueSize`}                                                                                                                                                      | ?? Too many requests? |

Reviewer: All requests go through a request queue where concurrency is managed (`maxInflightRequests`). Whenever the size of the queue changes, this event is emitted.

> ### <a name="producer"></a> Producer

Reviewer: The same format should be used for Producer and Admin as well.

Author: Agreed, Didn't want to do too much work without some kind of approval. I will do it.

### <a name="consumer"></a> Consumer

| event               | payload                                                                                                                                                                                                       | description |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|

> | REQUEST             | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `size`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `duration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`} | Whenever a request is made to the broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REQUEST             | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `size`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `duration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`} | Emitted on every network request to a broker |
```

> | CONNECT             |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Consumer connected with broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CONNECT             |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Consumer connected to a broker. |
```

| GROUP_JOIN          | {`groupId`, `memberId`, `leaderId`, `isLeader`, `memberAssignment`, `groupProtocol`, `duration`}                                                                                                                   | Consumer has joined the group. |

> | FETCH_START         | {}                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Starting to fetch messages from broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FETCH_START         | {}                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Starting to fetch messages from brokers. |
```

> | FETCH               | {`numberOfBatches`, `duration`}                                                                                                                                                                           | Fetched messages from the broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FETCH               | {`numberOfBatches`, `duration`}                                                                                                                                                                           | Finished fetching messages from the brokers. |
```

> | START_BATCH_PROCESS | {`topic`, `partition`, `highWatermark`, `offsetLag`, `offsetLagLow`, `batchSize`, `firstOffset`, `lastOffset`}                                                                                | Starting to process the batch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| START_BATCH_PROCESS | {`topic`, `partition`, `highWatermark`, `offsetLag`, `offsetLagLow`, `batchSize`, `firstOffset`, `lastOffset`}                                                                                | Starting user processing of a batch of messages. |
```

> | END_BATCH_PROCESS   | {`topic`, `partition`, `highWatermark`, `offsetLag`, `offsetLagLow`, `batchSize`, `firstOffset`, `lastOffset`, `duration`}                                                                  | Processed the batch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| END_BATCH_PROCESS   | {`topic`, `partition`, `highWatermark`, `offsetLag`, `offsetLagLow`, `batchSize`, `firstOffset`, `lastOffset`, `duration`}                                                                  | Finished processing a batch. This includes user-land processing via `eachMessage`/`eachBatch`. |
```

> | COMMIT_OFFSETS      | {`groupId`, `memberId`, `groupGenerationId`, `topics`}                                                                                                                                                | Committed resolved offsets. |

Reviewer: This is not necessarily true, because you can commit arbitrary offsets, not just resolved ones.

```suggestion
| COMMIT_OFFSETS      | {`groupId`, `memberId`, `groupGenerationId`, `topics`}                                                                                                                                                | Committed offsets. |
```

| STOP                |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Consumer has stopped. |
| DISCONNECT          |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Consumer has disconnected. |

> | CRASH               | {`error`, `groupId`}                                                                                                                                                                                      | Consumer has crashed. </br> In the case of CRASH, the consumer will try to restart itself. If the error is </br> not retriable, the consumer will instead stop and exit.If your application </br> wants to react to the error, such as by cleanly shutting down resources,</br>restarting the consumer itself, or exiting the process entirely, it should listen </br> to the CRASH event. |

Reviewer: Are the manual linebreaks here really necessary? The table cell should have a max width with automatic line breaks. This will look weird on mobile or in smaller window sizes.

Author: It's not required.
I just wanted for the column to have a max-width, otherwise, it keeps on increasing.
But yeah. I can remove it.

Reviewer: We can do that in CSS instead, so it works across device sizes. I can fix it in a separate PR if you remove the linebreaks.

Author: Done. Thanks.

> | HEARTBEAT           | {`groupId`, `memberId`, `groupGenerationId`}                                                                                                                                                            | Heartbeat sent to the broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HEARTBEAT           | {`groupId`, `memberId`, `groupGenerationId`}                                                                                                                                                            | Heartbeat sent to the coordinator. |
```

> | REQUEST_TIMEOUT     | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`}                                 | Request to the broker has timed out. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REQUEST_TIMEOUT     | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`}                                 | Request to a broker has timed out. |
```

| REQUEST_QUEUE_SIZE  | {`broker`, `clientId`, `queueSize`}                                                                                                                                                      | All requests go through a request queue where concurrency is managed (`maxInflightRequests`). </br> Whenever the size of the queue changes, this event is emitted. |

### <a name="producer"></a> Producer

| event               | payload                                                                                                                                                                                                       | description |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|

> | REQUEST             | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `size`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `duration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`} | Whenever a request is made to the broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REQUEST             | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `size`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `duration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`} | Emitted on every network request to a broker. |
```

> | CONNECT            |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Producer connected with broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CONNECT            |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Producer connected to a broker. |
```

| DISCONNECT         |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Producer has disconnected. |

> | REQUEST_TIMEOUT    | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`}                                 | Request to the broker has timed out. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REQUEST_TIMEOUT    | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`}                                 | Request to a broker has timed out. |
```

| REQUEST_QUEUE_SIZE | {`broker`, `clientId`, `queueSize`}                                                                                                                                                      | All requests go through a request queue where concurrency is managed (`maxInflightRequests`). </br> Whenever the size of the queue changes, this event is emitted. |

### <a name="admin"></a> Admin

| event               | payload                                                                                                                                                                                                       | description |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|

> | REQUEST             | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `size`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `duration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`} | Whenever a request is made to the broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REQUEST             | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `size`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `duration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`} | Emitted on every network request to a broker. |
```

> | CONNECT            |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Admin module connected with broker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CONNECT            |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Admin client connected to a broker |
```

> | DISCONNECT         |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Admin module has disconnected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DISCONNECT         |                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Admin client has disconnected. |
```

> | REQUEST_TIMEOUT    | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`}                                 | Request to the broker has timed out. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REQUEST_TIMEOUT    | {`broker`, `clientId`, `correlationId`, `createdAt`, `sentAt`, `pendingDuration`, `apiName`, `apiKey`, `apiVersion`}                                 | Request to a broker has timed out. |
```
